concentration with respect to this industry. Financial services institutions and other counterparties are inter-related because of trading, funding, clearing or other relationships. As a result, defaults by, or even market uncertainty about the financial stability of one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, could lead to market-wide liquidity disruptions, losses and defaults. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk and, in some cases, disputes and litigation in the event of default of a counterparty. In addition, our credit risk may be heightened by market risk when the collateral held by us cannot be liquidated or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivatives exposure due to us. Further, disputes with obligors as to the valuation of collateral could increase in times of significant market stress, volatility or illiquidity, and we could suffer losses during such periods if we are unable to realize the fair value of the collateral or manage declines in the value of collateral.  
  
In the ordinary course of business, we also enter into transactions with sovereign nations, U.S. states and U.S. municipalities. Unfavorable economic or political conditions, disruptions to capital markets, currency fluctuations, changes in oil prices, social instability and changes in government policies could impact the operating budgets or credit ratings of these government entities and expose us to credit risk.  
  
We also have a concentration of credit risk with respect to our consumer real estate, auto, consumer credit card and commercial real estate portfolios, which represent a significant percentage of our overall credit portfolio. Additionally, decreases in home price valuations or commercial real estate valuations in certain markets where we have large concentrations, including as a result of natural disasters, as well as more broadly within the U.S. or globally, could result in increased defaults, delinquencies or credit loss. For more information, see Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management in the MD&A on page 51. Furthermore, our commercial portfolios include exposures to certain industries, including the energy sector. For more information, see Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management in the MD&A on page 59. Economic weaknesses, adverse business conditions, market disruptions, rising interest or capitalization rates, the collapse of speculative bubbles, greater volatility in areas where we have concentrated credit risk or deterioration in real estate values or household incomes may cause us to experience a decrease in cash flow and higher credit losses in either our consumer or commercial portfolios or cause us to write down the value of certain assets.  
  
Liquidity disruptions in the financial markets may result in our inability to sell, syndicate or realize the value of our positions, leading to increased concentrations, which could increase the credit and market risk associated with our positions, as well as increase our risk-weighted assets.  
  
For more information about our credit risk and credit risk management policies and procedures, see Credit Risk Management in the MD&A on page 51, Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Principles, Note 5 - Outstanding Loans and Leases and Note 6 - Allowance for Credit Losses to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
If the U.S. housing market weakens or home prices decline, our consumer loan portfolios, credit quality, credit losses, representations and warranties exposures and earnings may be adversely affected.  
  
While U.S. home prices continued to generally improve during 2018, declines in future periods may negatively impact the demand for many of our products. Additionally, our mortgage loan production volume is generally influenced by the rate of growth in residential mortgage debt outstanding and the size of the residential mortgage market, both of which may be adversely  
  
affected by rising interest rates. Conditions in the U.S. housing market in prior years resulted in both significant write-downs of asset values in several asset classes, notably mortgage-backed securities, and exposure to monolines. If the U.S. housing market were to weaken, the value of real estate could decline, which could result in increased credit losses and delinquent servicing expenses and negatively affect our representations and warranties exposures, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  
  
Our derivatives businesses may expose us to unexpected risks and potential losses.  
  
We are party to a large number of derivatives transactions, including credit derivatives. Our derivatives businesses may expose us to unexpected market, credit and operational risks that could cause us to suffer unexpected losses. Severe declines in asset values, unanticipated credit events or unforeseen circumstances that may cause previously uncorrelated factors to become correlated and vice versa, may create losses resulting from risks not appropriately taken into account or anticipated in the development, structuring or pricing of a derivative instrument. Certain of our OTC derivative contracts and other trading agreements provide that upon the occurrence of certain specified events, such as a change in the credit rating of a particular Bank of America entity or entities, we may be required to provide additional collateral or take other remedial actions, or our counterparties may have the right to terminate or otherwise diminish our rights under these contracts or agreements.  
  
In addition, in the event of a downgrade of our credit ratings, certain derivative and other counterparties may request we substitute BANA (which has generally had equal or higher credit ratings than the parent company) as counterparty for certain contracts. Our ability to substitute or make changes to these agreements may be subject to certain limitations including, counterparty willingness, operational considerations, regulatory limitations on having BANA as a counterparty and collateral constraints. It is possible that such limitations on our ability to substitute or make changes to these agreements, including having BANA as the new counterparty, could adversely affect our results of operations.  
  
Many derivative instruments are individually negotiated and non-standardized, which can make exiting, transferring or settling some positions difficult. Many derivatives require that we deliver to the counterparty the underlying security, loan or other obligation in order to receive payment. In a number of cases, we do not hold, and may not be able to obtain, the underlying security, loan or other obligation.  
  
We are also a member of various central counterparty clearinghouses (CCPs) due to regulatory requirements for mandatory clearing of derivative transactions, which potentially increases our credit risk exposures to CCPs. In the event that one or more members of the CCP defaults on its obligations, we may be required to pay a portion of any losses incurred by the CCP as a result of that default. Also, as a clearing member, we are exposed to the risk of non-performance by our clients for which we clear transactions, which may not be covered by available collateral.  
  
For more information on our derivatives exposure, seeNote 3 - Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
  
# Geopolitical  
  
We are subject to numerous political, economic, market, reputational, operational, legal, regulatory and other risks in the jurisdictions in which we operate.  
  
We do business throughout the world, including in emerging markets. Our businesses and revenues derived from non-U.S. jurisdictions are subject to risk of loss from currency fluctuations,  
  
<!-- PageFooter="Bank of America 2018" -->  
  
<!-- PageNumber="9" -->  
