market volatility, disruption, shock or stress, fluctuations in interest rates, negative views about the Corporation or financial services industry generally or a specific news event, changes in the regulatory environment, actions by credit rating agencies or an operational problem that affects third parties or us. The impact of these events, whether within our control or not, could include an inability to sell assets or redeem investments, unforeseen outflows of cash, the need to draw on liquidity facilities, debt repurchases to support the secondary market or meet client requests, the need for additional funding for commitments and contingencies, as well as unexpected collateral calls, among other things, the result of which could be a liquidity shortfall and/or impact on our liquidity coverage ratio.  
  
Our cost of obtaining funding is directly related to prevailing market interest rates and to our credit spreads. Credit spreads are the amount in excess of the interest rate of U.S. Treasury securities, or other benchmark securities, of a similar maturity that we need to pay to our funding providers. Increases in interest rates and our credit spreads can increase the cost of our funding and result in mark-to-market or credit valuation adjustment exposures. Changes in our credit spreads are market- driven and may be influenced by market perceptions of our creditworthiness. Changes to interest rates and our credit spreads occur continuously and may be unpredictable and highly volatile. Additionally, concentrations within our funding profile, such as maturities, currencies or counterparties, can reduce our funding efficiency.  
  
For more information about our liquidity position and other liquidity matters, including credit ratings and outlooks and the policies and procedures we use to manage our liquidity risks, see Liquidity Risk in the MD&A on page 47.  
  
Adverse changes to our credit ratings from the major credit rating agencies could significantly limit our access to funding or the capital markets, increase our borrowing costs or trigger additional collateral or funding requirements.  
  
Our borrowing costs and ability to raise funds are directly impacted by our credit ratings. In addition, credit ratings may be important to customers or counterparties when we compete in certain markets and seek to engage in certain transactions, including OTC derivatives. Credit ratings and outlooks are opinions expressed by rating agencies on our creditworthiness and that of our obligations or securities, including long-term debt, short-term borrowings, preferred stock and asset securitizations. Our credit ratings are subject to ongoing review by rating agencies, which consider a number of factors, including our own financial strength, performance, prospects and operations as well as factors not under our control such as the likelihood of the U.S. government providing meaningful support to us or our subsidiaries in a crisis.  
  
Rating agencies could make adjustments to our credit ratings at any time, and there can be no assurance as to when and whether downgrades will occur. A reduction in certain of our credit ratings could result in a wider credit spread and negatively affect our liquidity, access to credit markets, the related cost of funds, our businesses and certain trading revenues, particularly in those businesses where counterparty creditworthiness is critical. If the short-term credit ratings of our parent company, bank or broker-dealer subsidiaries were downgraded by one or more levels, we may suffer the potential loss of access to short-term funding sources such as repo financing, and/or increased cost of funds. Under the terms of certain OTC derivative contracts and other trading agreements, if our or our subsidiaries' credit ratings are downgraded, the counterparties may require additional collateral or terminate these contracts or agreements.  
  
While certain potential impacts are contractual and quantifiable, the full consequences of a credit rating downgrade  
  
to a financial institution are inherently uncertain, as they depend upon numerous dynamic, complex and inter-related factors and assumptions, including whether any downgrade of a firm's long-term credit ratings precipitates downgrades to its short- term credit ratings, and assumptions about the potential behaviors of various customers, investors and counterparties.  
  
For more information on the amount of additional collateral required and derivative liabilities that would be subject to unilateral termination at December 31, 2018, if the rating agencies had downgraded their long-term senior debt ratings for the Corporation or certain subsidiaries by each of two incremental notches, see Credit-related Contingent Features and Collateral in Note 3 - Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
For more information about our credit ratings and their potential effects to our liquidity, see Liquidity Risk - Credit Ratings in the MD&A on page 50 and Note 3 - Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
Bank of America Corporation is a holding company and we depend upon our subsidiaries for liquidity, including the ability to pay dividends to shareholders and to fund payments on other obligations. Applicable laws and regulations, including capital and liquidity requirements, and actions taken pursuant to our resolution plan could restrict our ability to transfer funds from subsidiaries to Bank of America Corporation or to other subsidiaries, which could adversely affect our cash flow and financial condition.  
  
Bank of America Corporation, as the parent company, is a separate and distinct legal entity from our banking and nonbank subsidiaries. We evaluate and manage liquidity on a legal entity basis. Legal entity liquidity is an important consideration as there are legal, regulatory, contractual and other limitations on our ability to utilize liquidity from one legal entity to satisfy the liquidity requirements of another, including the parent company, which could result in adverse liquidity events. The parent company depends on dividends, distributions, loans, advances and other payments from our banking and nonbank subsidiaries to fund dividend payments on our common stock and preferred stock and to fund all payments on our other obligations, including debt obligations. Many of our subsidiaries, including our bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to laws that restrict dividend payments, or authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to the parent company or other subsidiaries. Our bank and broker- dealer subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their ability to lend or transact with affiliates and to minimum regulatory capital and liquidity requirements, as well as restrictions on their ability to use funds deposited with them in bank or brokerage accounts to fund their businesses. Intercompany arrangements we entered into in connection with our resolution planning submissions could restrict the amount of funding available to the parent company from our subsidiaries under certain adverse conditions.  
  
Additional restrictions on related party transactions, increased capital and liquidity requirements and additional limitations on the use of funds on deposit in bank or brokerage accounts, as well as lower earnings, can reduce the amount of funds available to meet the obligations of the parent company and even require the parent company to provide additional funding to such subsidiaries. Also, regulatory action that requires additional liquidity at each of our subsidiaries could impede access to funds we need to pay our obligations or pay dividends. In addition, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization is subject to prior claims of the subsidiary's creditors. For more information regarding our ability to pay dividends, see Capital Management in the MD&A on page 43 and Note 13 - Shareholders' Equity to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
<!-- PageFooter="Bank of America 2018" -->  
  
<!-- PageNumber="7" -->  
