In the current regulatory environment, capital and liquidity requirements are frequently introduced and amended. It is possible that regulators may increase regulatory capital requirements including TLAC and long-term debt requirements, change how regulatory capital is calculated or increase liquidity requirements. Our risk-based capital surcharge (G-SIB surcharge) may increase from current estimates, and we are also subject to a countercyclical capital buffer which, while currently set at zero, may be increased by regulators. In 2018, the Federal Reserve issued a proposal to implement a stress capital buffer into its capital requirements, which may increase our regulatory capital requirements, if adopted. A significant component of regulatory capital ratios is calculating our risk-weighted assets and our leverage exposure which may increase. The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision has also revised several key methodologies for measuring risk- weighted assets, including a standardized approach for credit risk, standardized approach for operational risk and constraints on the use of internal models, as well as a capital floor based on the revised standardized approaches. U.S. banking regulators may update the U.S. Basel 3 rules to incorporate the Basel Committee revisions. In 2018, U.S. banking regulators published a proposal outlining a standardized approach for counterparty credit risk, which updates the calculation of the exposure amount for derivative contracts under the regulatory capital rule. Additionally, Net Stable Funding Ratio requirements have been proposed, which would apply to us and our subsidiary depository institutions, and target longer term liquidity risk. While the impact of these proposals remains uncertain, they could have a negative impact on our capital and liquidity positions.  
  
As part of its annual CCAR review, the Federal Reserve conducts stress testing on parts of our business using hypothetical economic scenarios prepared by the Federal Reserve. Those scenarios may affect our CCAR stress test results, which may have an effect on our projected regulatory capital amounts in the annual CCAR submission, including the CCAR capital plan affecting our dividends and stock repurchases.  
  
Changes to and compliance with the regulatory capital and liquidity requirements may impact our operations by requiring us to liquidate assets, increase borrowings, issue additional equity or other securities, cease or alter certain operations, sell company assets, or hold highly liquid assets, which may adversely affect our results of operations. We may be prohibited from taking capital actions such as paying or increasing dividends, or repurchasing securities if the Federal Reserve objects to our CCAR capital plan.  
  
For more information, see Capital Management - Regulatory Capital in the MD&A on page 44 and Note 16 - Regulatory Requirements and Restrictions to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
Changes in accounting standards or assumptions in applying accounting policies could adversely affect us.  
  
Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Some of these policies require use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported value of our assets or liabilities and results of operations and are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. If those assumptions, estimates or judgments were incorrectly made, we could be required to correct and restate prior-period financial statements. Accounting standard-setters and those who interpret the accounting standards, the SEC, banking regulators and our independent registered public accounting firm may also amend or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how various standards should be applied. These changes may be difficult to predict and could impact how we prepare and report  
  
our financial statements. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, resulting in us revising prior-period financial statements.  
  
In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued a new accounting standard with respect to accounting for credit losses that will become effective for the Corporation on January 1, 2020. The standard replaces the existing measurement of the allowance for credit losses, which is based on management's best estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the Corporation's lending activities, with management's best estimate of lifetime expected credit losses inherent in the Corporation's financial assets that are recognized at amortized cost. The standard will also expand credit quality disclosures. The impact of this new accounting standard may be an increase in the Corporation's allowance for credit losses at the date of adoption which would result in a negative adjustment to retained earnings. The ultimate impact will depend on the characteristics of the Corporation's portfolio at adoption date as well as the macroeconomic conditions and forecasts as of that date. For more information on some of our critical accounting policies and recent accounting changes, see Complex Accounting Estimates in the MD&A on page 77 and Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Principles to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
We may be adversely affected by changes in U.S. and non-U.S. tax laws and regulations.  
  
On December 22, 2017, the President signed into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act) which made significant changes to federal income tax law including, among other things, reducing the statutory corporate income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent and changing the taxation of our non-U.S. business activities.  
  
In addition, we have U.K. net deferred tax assets which consist primarily of net operating losses that are expected to be realized by certain subsidiaries over an extended number of years. Adverse developments with respect to tax laws or to other material factors, such as prolonged worsening of Europe's capital markets or changes in the ability of our U.K. subsidiaries to conduct business in the EU, could lead our management to reassess and/or change its current conclusion that no valuation allowance is necessary with respect to our U.K. net deferred tax assets.  
  
It is possible that governmental authorities in the U.S. and/or other countries could further amend tax laws that would adversely affect us, including the possibility that certain favorable aspects of the Tax Act could be amended in the future.  
  
  
# Reputation  
  
Damage to our reputation could harm our businesses, including our competitive position and business prospects.  
  
Our ability to attract and retain customers, clients, investors and employees is impacted by our reputation. Harm to our reputation can arise from various sources, including officer, director or employee misconduct, security breaches, unethical behavior, litigation or regulatory outcomes, compensation practices, the suitability or reasonableness of recommending particular trading or investment strategies, including the reliability of our research and models, prohibiting clients from engaging in certain transactions and sales practices. Additionally, our reputation may be harmed by failing to deliver products, subpar standards of service and quality expected by our customers, clients and the community, compliance failures, inadequacy of responsiveness to internal controls, unintended disclosure of personal, proprietary or confidential information, perception of our environmental, social and governance practices and disclosures, and the activities of our clients, customers and counterparties, including vendors. Actions by the financial services industry  
  
<!-- PageFooter="15 Bank of America 2018" -->  
