including related to anti-money laundering, anti-corruption and economic sanctions. Additionally, we are subject to laws in the U.S. and abroad, including GDPR, regarding personal and confidential information of certain parties, such as our employees, customers, suppliers, counterparties and other third parties.  
  
As part of their enforcement authority, our regulators have the authority to, among other things, assess significant civil or criminal monetary penalties, fines or restitution, issue cease and desist or removal orders and initiate injunctive actions. The amounts paid by us and other financial institutions to settle proceedings or investigations have been substantial and may increase. In some cases, governmental authorities have required criminal pleas or other extraordinary terms as part of such settlements, which could have significant consequences for a financial institution, including reputational harm, loss of customers, restrictions on the ability to access capital markets, and the inability to operate certain businesses or offer certain products for a period of time.  
  
The Corporation and its employees and representatives are subject to regulatory scrutiny across jurisdictions. Additionally, the complexity of the federal and state regulatory and enforcement regimes in the U.S., coupled with the global scope of our operations and the aggressiveness of the regulatory environment worldwide also means that a single event or practice or a series of related events or practices may give rise to a large number of overlapping investigations and regulatory proceedings, either by multiple federal and state agencies in the U.S. or by multiple regulators and other governmental entities in different jurisdictions. Responding to inquiries, investigations, lawsuits and proceedings, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the matter, is time-consuming and expensive and can divert the attention of our senior management from our business. The outcome of such proceedings may be difficult to predict or estimate until late in the proceedings, which may last a number of years.  
  
We are currently subject to the terms of settlements and consent orders that we have entered into with government agencies and regulatory authorities and may become subject to additional settlements or orders in the future. Such settlements and consent orders impose significant operational and compliance costs on us as they typically require us to enhance our procedures and controls, expand our risk and control functions within our lines of business, invest in technology and hire significant numbers of additional risk, control and compliance personnel. Moreover, if we fail to meet the requirements of the regulatory settlements and orders to which we are subject, or more generally, to maintain risk and control procedures and processes that meet the heightened standards established by our regulators and other government agencies, we could be required to enter into further settlements and orders, pay additional fines, penalties or judgments, or accept material regulatory restrictions on our businesses.  
  
While we believe that we have adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs to identify, assess, monitor and report on applicable laws, policies and procedures, compliance risks will continue to exist, particularly as we adapt to new rules and regulations. Additionally, there is no guarantee that our risk management and compliance programs will be consistently executed to successfully manage compliance risk. We also rely upon third parties who may expose us to compliance and legal risk. Future legislative or regulatory actions, and any required changes to our business or operations, or those of third parties upon whom we rely, resulting from such developments and actions, could result in a significant loss of revenue, impose additional compliance and other costs or otherwise reduce our profitability, limit the products and services that we offer or our ability to pursue certain business opportunities, require us to dispose of or curtail certain businesses, affect the value of assets  
  
that we hold, require us to increase our prices and therefore reduce demand for our products, or otherwise adversely affect our businesses. In addition, legal and regulatory proceedings and other contingencies will arise from time to time that may result in fines, regulatory sanctions, penalties, equitable relief and changes to our business practices. As a result, we are and will continue to be subject to heightened compliance and operating costs that could adversely affect our results of operations.  
  
  
# We are subject to significant financial and reputational risks from potential liability arising from lawsuits and regulatory and government action.  
  
We face significant legal risks in our business, and the volume of claims and amount of damages, penalties and fines claimed in litigation and other disputes, and regulatory and government proceedings against us and other financial institutions continue to be high. Greater than expected litigation and investigation costs, substantial legal liability or significant regulatory or government action against us could have adverse effects on our financial condition, including liquidity, and results of operations or cause significant reputational harm to us. We continue to experience a significant volume of litigation and other disputes, including claims for contractual indemnification with counterparties regarding relative rights and responsibilities. Consumers, clients and other counterparties continue to be litigious. Among other things, financial institutions, including us, continue to be the subject of claims alleging anti-competitive conduct with respect to various products and markets, including U.S. antitrust class actions claiming joint and several liability for treble damages. In addition, regulatory authorities have had a supervisory focus on enforcement, including in connection with alleged violations of law and customer harm. For example, U.S. regulators and government agencies have pursued claims against financial institutions under the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act, False Claims Act and antitrust laws. Such claims may carry significant and, in certain cases, treble damages. The ongoing environment of extensive regulation, regulatory compliance burdens, litigation and regulatory and government enforcement, combined with uncertainty related to the continually evolving regulatory environment, may affect operational and compliance costs and risks, which may limit our ability to continue providing certain products and services.  
  
Additionally, misconduct by employees, including improper or illegal conduct, can cause significant reputational harm as well as litigation and regulatory action.  
  
For more information on litigation risks, seeNote 12 - Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
U.S. federal banking agencies may require us to increase our regulatory capital, TLAC, long-term debt or liquidity requirements, which could result in the need to issue additional qualifying securities or to take other actions, such as to sell company assets.  
  
We are subject to U.S. regulatory capital and liquidity rules. These rules, among other things, establish minimum requirements to qualify as a "well-capitalized" institution. If any of our subsidiary insured depository institutions fails to maintain its status as "well capitalized" under the applicable regulatory capital rules, the Federal Reserve will require us to agree to bring the insured depository institution back to "well-capitalized" status. For the duration of such an agreement, the Federal Reserve may impose restrictions on our activities. If we were to fail to enter into or comply with such an agreement, or fail to comply with the terms of such agreement, the Federal Reserve may impose more severe restrictions on our activities, including requiring us to cease and desist activities permitted under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956.  
  
<!-- PageFooter="Bank of America 2018 14" -->  
