<!-- PageNumber="(ii)" -->  
  
<!-- PageHeader="specific reference to pertinent provision(s) of the Plan upon which such denial is based;" -->  
  
if applicable, a description of any additional material or information necessary for the Claimant to perfect such Claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary; and  
  
(iv) an explanation of the procedure hereunder for review of such Claim;  
  
all in a manner calculated to be understood by such Claimant.  
  
(c) Review of Decision of Plan Administrator. Each such Claimant shall be afforded a reasonable opportunity for a full and fair review of the decision of the Plan Administrator denying the Claim. Such review shall be by the Corporate Benefits Committee. Such appeal shall be made within ninety (90) days after the Claimant received the written decision of the Plan Administrator and shall be made by the written request of the Claimant, or such Claimant's duly authorized representative, of the Corporate Benefits Committee. In the event of appeal, the Claimant or such Claimant's duly authorized representative may review pertinent documents and submit issues and comments in writing to the Corporate Benefits Committee. The Corporate Benefits Committee shall review the following:  
  
(i) the initial proceedings of the Plan Administrator with respect to such Claim;  
  
(ii) such issues and comments as were submitted in writing by the Claimant or the Claimant's duly authorized representative; and  
  
(iii) such other material and information as the Corporate Benefits Committee, in its sole discretion, deems advisable for a full and fair review of the decision of the Plan Administrator.  
  
The Corporate Benefits Committee may approve, disapprove or modify the decision of the Plan Administrator, in whole or in part, or make take such other action with respect to such appeal as it deems appropriate. The decision of the Corporate Benefits Committee with respect to such appeal shall be made promptly, and in no event later than sixty (60) days after receipt of such appeal, unless special circumstances require an extension of such time within which to render such decision, in which event such decision shall be rendered as soon as possible and in no event later than one hundred twenty (120) days following receipt of such appeal. The decision of the Corporate Benefits Committee shall be in writing and in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant and shall include specific reasons for such decision and set forth specific references to the pertinent provisions of the Plan upon which such decision is based. The Claimant shall be furnished a copy of the written decision of the Corporate Benefits Committee. Such decision shall be final and conclusive upon all persons interested therein, except to the extent otherwise provided by applicable law.  
  
8\. Applicable Law and  
  
Venue:  
  
The Plan shall be construed, administered, regulated and governed in all respects under and by the laws of the United States to the extent applicable, and to the extent such laws are not applicable, by the laws of the state of Delaware. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the Plan, such litigation shall be conducted solely in the courts of Mecklenburg County, North Carolina or the federal courts for the United Sates for the Western District of North Carolina, and no other courts.  
  
9\. Compliance 409A:  
  
with Code Section  
  
The Plan is intended to comply with Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Plan shall be interpreted, operated and administered consistent with this intent.  
  
10\. Tax Withholding:  
  
The Corporation shall have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy Federal, state, local, foreign or other taxes (including the Participant's FICA or other applicable social tax obligation) required by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising as a result of this Plan.  
  
  
# 11\. Miscellaneous:  
  
A Participant's rights and interests under the Plan may not be assigned or transferred by the Participant. The Plan shall be an unsecured, unfunded arrangement. To the extent the Participant acquires a right to receive payments from the Corporation under the Plan, such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Corporation. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to create a trust of any kind or any fiduciary relationship between the Corporation and any Participant. The Plan shall be binding on the Corporation and any successor in interest of the Corporation.  
