financial intermediaries such as clearing agents, exchanges and clearing houses; vendors; regulators; providers of critical infrastructure such as internet access and electrical power; and retailers for whom we process transactions. As a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial entities and technology systems, a technology failure, cyber-attack or other information or security breach that significantly degrades, deletes or compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities or third-party or downstream service providers could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants, including us. This consolidation, interconnectivity and complexity increases the risk of operational failure, on both individual and industry-wide bases, as disparate systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis. Any technology failure, cyber-attack or other information or security breach, termination or constraint of any third party, including downstream service providers, could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to conduct day-to-day business activities, effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk, expand our businesses or result in the misappropriation or destruction of the personal, proprietary or confidential information of our employees, customers, suppliers, counterparties and other third parties.  
  
Cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches, whether directed at us or third parties, may result in significant lost revenue, give rise to losses or have other negative consequences. Furthermore, the public perception that a cyber- attack on our systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage our reputation with customers and third parties with whom we do business. Although we maintain cyber insurance, there can be no assurance that liabilities or losses we may incur will be covered under such policies or that the amount of insurance will be adequate. Also, successful penetration or circumvention of system security could result in negative consequences, including loss of customers and business opportunities, the withdrawal of customer deposits, prolonged computer and network outages resulting in disruptions to our critical business operations and customer services, misappropriation or destruction of our confidential information and/or the confidential, proprietary or personal information of certain parties, such as our employees, customers, suppliers, counterparties and other third parties, or damage to their computers or systems. This could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws in the U.S. and abroad, litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, loss of confidence in our security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, additional compliance costs and our internal controls or disclosure controls being rendered ineffective. The occurrence of any of these events could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.  
  
Our mortgage loan repurchase obligations or claims from third parties could result in additional losses.  
  
We and our legacy companies have sold significant amounts of residential mortgage loans. In connection with these sales, we or certain of our subsidiaries or legacy companies made various representations and warranties, breaches of which may result in a requirement that we repurchase the mortgage loans, or otherwise make whole or provide other remedies to counterparties. At December 31, 2018, we had $14.4 billion of unresolved repurchase claims, net of duplicate claims and excluding claims where the statute of limitations has expired without litigation being commenced.  
  
At December 31, 2018, our liability for obligations under representations and warranties exposures was $2.0 billion. We also have an estimated range of possible loss (RPL) for  
  
representations and warranties exposures that is combined with the litigation RPL, which we disclose in Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The recorded liability and estimated RPL are based on currently available information, significant judgment and a number of assumptions that are subject to change. There can be no assurance that the Corporation will reach future settlements or, if it does, that the terms of past settlements can be relied upon to predict the terms of future settlements. Future representations and warranties losses may occur in excess of our recorded liability and estimated RPL, and such losses could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.  
  
Additionally, our recorded liability for representations and warranties exposures and the corresponding estimated RPL do not consider certain losses related to servicing, including foreclosure and related costs, fraud, indemnity or claims (including for residential mortgage-backed securities) related to securities law. Losses with respect to one or more of these matters could be material to our results of operations or liquidity.  
  
For more information about our representations and warranties exposure, see Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations - Representations and Warranties in the MD&A on page 40, Complex Accounting Estimates - Representations and Warranties Liability in the MD&A on page 79 and Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
Failure to satisfy our obligations as servicer for residential mortgage securitizations, along with other losses we could incur in our capacity as servicer, and foreclosure delays and/or investigations into our residential mortgage foreclosure practices could cause losses.  
  
We and our legacy companies have securitized a significant portion of the residential mortgage loans that we originated or acquired. We service a portion of the loans we have securitized and also service loans on behalf of third-party securitization vehicles and other investors. If we commit a material breach of our obligations as servicer or master servicer, we may be subject to termination if the breach is not cured within a specified period of time following notice, which could cause us to lose servicing income. In addition, for loans principally held in private- label securitization trusts, we may have liability for any failure by us, as a servicer or master servicer, for any act or omission on our part that involves willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of our duties. If any such breach was found to have occurred, it may harm our reputation, increase our servicing costs or adversely impact our results of operations. Additionally, with respect to foreclosures, we may incur costs or losses due to irregularities in the underlying documentation, or if the validity of a foreclosure action is challenged by a borrower or overturned by a court because of errors or deficiencies in the foreclosure process. We may also incur costs or losses relating to delays or alleged deficiencies in processing documents necessary to comply with state law governing foreclosure.  
  
Changes in the structure of the GSEs and the relationship among the GSEs, the government and the private markets, or the conversion of the current conservatorship of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac into receivership, could result in significant changes to our business operations and may adversely impact our business.  
  
During 2018, we sold approximately $3.0 billion of loans to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Each is currently in a conservatorship with its primary regulator, the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA), acting as conservator. We cannot predict whether the conservatorships will end, any associated changes to their business structure that could result or whether the conservatorships will end in receivership, privatization or other  
  
<!-- PageFooter="Bank of America 2018 12" -->  
