In the event of a resolution, whether in a bankruptcy proceeding or under the orderly liquidation authority of the FDIC, such resolution could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and the ability to pay dividends to shareholders and to pay obligations.  
  
Bank of America Corporation, our parent holding company, is required to periodically submit a plan to the FDIC and Federal Reserve describing its resolution strategy under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of material financial distress or failure. In the current plan, Bank of America Corporation's preferred resolution strategy is a "single point of entry" strategy. This strategy provides that only the parent holding company files for resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and contemplates providing certain key operating subsidiaries with sufficient capital and liquidity to operate through severe stress and to enable such subsidiaries to continue operating or be wound down in a solvent manner following a bankruptcy of the parent holding company. Bank of America Corporation has entered into intercompany arrangements resulting in the contribution of most of its capital and liquidity to key subsidiaries. Pursuant to these arrangements, if Bank of America Corporation's liquidity resources deteriorate so severely that resolution becomes imminent, Bank of America Corporation will no longer be able to draw liquidity from its key subsidiaries, and will be required to contribute its remaining financial assets to a wholly-owned holding company subsidiary, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and the ability to pay dividends to shareholders and meet our payment obligations.  
  
In addition, if the FDIC and Federal Reserve jointly determine that Bank of America Corporation's resolution plan is not credible, they could impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions on our growth, activities or operations. Further, we could be required to take certain actions that could impose operating costs and could potentially result in the divestiture or restructuring of certain businesses and subsidiaries.  
  
Under the Financial Reform Act, when a G-SIB such as Bank of America Corporation is in default or danger of default, the FDIC may be appointed receiver in order to conduct an orderly liquidation of such institution. In the event of such appointment, the FDIC could, among other things, invoke the orderly liquidation authority, instead of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, if the Secretary of the Treasury makes certain financial distress and systemic risk determinations. In 2013, the FDIC issued a notice describing its preferred "single point of entry" strategy for resolving a G-SIB. Under this approach, the FDIC could replace Bank of America Corporation with a bridge holding company, which could continue operations and result in an orderly resolution of the underlying bank, but whose equity would be held solely for the benefit of our creditors. The FDIC's "single point of entry" strategy may result in our security holders suffering greater losses than would have been the case under a bankruptcy proceeding or a different resolution strategy.  
  
For more information about resolution planning, seeltem 1. Business - Resolution Planning on page 3. For more information about the FDIC's orderly liquidation, see Item 1. Business - Insolvency and the Orderly Liquidation Authority on page 4.  
  
  
# Credit  
  
Economic or market disruptions, insufficient credit loss reserves or concentration of credit risk may result in an increase in the provision for credit losses, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  
  
A number of our products expose us to credit risk, including loans, letters of credit, derivatives, debt securities, trading account assets and assets held-for-sale. The financial condition of our  
  
consumer and commercial borrowers, counterparties and underlying collateral could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.  
  
Global and U.S. economic conditions and macroeconomic events, including a decline in global GDP, consumer spending or real estate prices, as well as increasing leverage, rising unemployment and/or fluctuations in foreign exchange or interest rates, particularly if inflation is rising, may impact our credit portfolios. Economic or market stress or disruptions, including as a result of natural disasters, would likely increase the risk that borrowers or counterparties would default or become delinquent in their obligations to us, resulting in credit loss. Increases in delinquencies and default rates could adversely affect our consumer credit card, home equity, residential mortgage and purchased credit-impaired portfolios through increased charge-offs and provision for credit losses. A deteriorating economic environment could also adversely affect our consumer and commercial loan portfolios with weakened client and collateral positions. Additionally, simultaneous drawdowns on lines of credit or an increase in a borrower's leverage in a weakening economic environment could result in deterioration in our credit portfolio, should borrowers be unable to fulfill competing financial obligations. Specifically, our consumer portfolio could be negatively impacted by drastic reductions in employment, or increases in underemployment, resulting in lower disposable income.  
  
We estimate and establish an allowance for credit losses for losses inherent in our lending activities (including unfunded lending commitments), excluding those measured at fair value, through a charge to earnings. The process for determining the amount of the allowance requires us to make difficult and complex judgments, including loss forecasts on how borrowers will react to changing economic conditions. The ability of our borrowers or counterparties to repay their obligations will likely be impacted by changes in future economic conditions, which in turn could impact the accuracy of our loss forecasts and allowance estimates. There is also the possibility that we will fail to accurately identify the appropriate economic indicators or that we will fail to accurately estimate their impacts.  
  
We may suffer unexpected losses if the models and assumptions we use to establish reserves and make judgments in extending credit to our borrowers or counterparties prove inaccurate in predicting future events. In addition, external factors, such as natural disasters, can influence recognition of credit losses in our portfolios and impact our allowance for credit losses. Although we believe that our allowance for credit losses was in compliance with applicable accounting standards at December 31, 2018, there is no guarantee that it will be sufficient to address credit losses, particularly if economic conditions deteriorate. In such an event, we may increase the size of our allowance which would reduce our earnings.  
  
In the ordinary course of our business, we also may be subject to a concentration of credit risk in a particular industry, geographic location, counterparty, borrower or issuer. A deterioration in the financial condition or prospects of a particular industry or a failure or downgrade of, or default by, any particular entity or group of entities could negatively affect our businesses, and the processes by which we set limits and monitor the level of our credit exposure to individual entities, industries and countries may not function as we have anticipated. While our activities expose us to many different industries and counterparties, we routinely execute a high volume of transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including broker-dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, insurers, mutual funds and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. This has resulted in significant credit  
  
<!-- PageFooter="Bank of America 2018" -->  
