Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
===  
  
The management of Bank of America Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.  
  
The Corporation's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The Corporation's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Corporation; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Corporation are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Corporation; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Corporation's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  
  
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
  
Management assessed the effectiveness of the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 based on the framework set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2018, the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting is effective.  
  
The Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their accompanying report which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018.  
  
Bruge  
  
Brian T. Moynihan Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President  
  
Paul M. Donofrio Chief Financial Officer Pare Day  
  
Bank of America 2018 86  
