financial, social or judicial instability, changes in governmental policies or policies of central banks, expropriation, nationalization and/or confiscation of assets, price controls, capital controls, redenomination risk, exchange controls, protectionist trade policies, increasing trade tensions between the U.S. and important trading partners, particularly China, increasing the risk of escalating tariffs and other restrictive actions, unfavorable political and diplomatic developments, oil price fluctuation and changes in legislation. These risks are especially elevated in emerging markets. A number of non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we do business have been or may be negatively impacted by slowing growth or recessionary conditions, market volatility and/or political unrest. The political and economic environment in Europe, including the debt concerns of certain EU countries, remains challenging and the current degree of political and economic uncertainty, including potential recessionary conditions, could increase. For example, the ongoing negotiations of the terms of the U.K.'s planned exit from the EU may create uncertainty and increase risk, which could adversely affect us.  
  
Potential risks of default on or devaluation of sovereign debt in some non-U.S. jurisdictions could expose us to substantial losses. Risks in one nation can limit our opportunities for portfolio growth and negatively affect our operations in other nations, including our U.S. operations. Market and economic disruptions of all types may affect consumer confidence levels and spending, corporate investment and job creation, bankruptcy rates, levels of incurrence and default on consumer and corporate debt, economic growth rates and asset values, among other factors. Any such unfavorable conditions or developments could have an adverse impact on our company.  
  
We also invest or trade in the securities of corporations and governments located in non-U.S. jurisdictions, including emerging markets. Revenues from the trading of non-U.S. securities may be subject to negative fluctuations as a result of the above factors. Furthermore, the impact of these fluctuations could be magnified because non-U.S. trading markets, particularly in emerging markets, are generally smaller, less liquid and more volatile than U.S. trading markets.  
  
Our non-U.S. businesses are also subject to extensive regulation by governments, securities exchanges and regulators, central banks and other regulatory bodies. In many countries, the laws and regulations applicable to the financial services and securities industries are uncertain and evolving, and it may be difficult for us to determine the exact requirements of local laws in every market or manage our relationships with multiple regulators in various jurisdictions. Our potential inability to remain in compliance with local laws in a particular market and manage our relationships with regulators could have an adverse effect not only on our businesses in that market but also on our reputation in general.  
  
In addition to non-U.S. legislation, our international operations are also subject to U.S. legal requirements. For example, our operations are subject to U.S. and non- U.S. laws and regulations relating to bribery and corruption, anti-money laundering, and economic sanctions, which can vary by jurisdiction. The increasing speed and novel ways in which funds circulate could make it more challenging to track the movement of funds. Our ability to comply with these legal requirements depends on our ability to continually improve detection and reporting and analytic capabilities.  
  
In the U.S., debt ceiling and budget deficit concerns, which have increased the possibility of U.S. government defaults on its debt and/or downgrades to its credit ratings, and prolonged government shutdowns could negatively impact the global economy and banking system and adversely affect our financial condition, including our liquidity. Additionally, changes in fiscal,  
  
monetary or regulatory policy could increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our business operations, organizational structure and results of operations. We are also subject to geopolitical risks, including acts or threats of terrorism, and actions taken by the U.S. or other governments in response thereto, and/or military conflicts, which could adversely affect business and economic conditions abroad, as well as in the U.S.  
  
For more information on our non-U.S. credit and trading portfolios, seeNon-U.S. Portfolio in the MD&A on page 65.  
  
The U.K. Referendum, and the planned exit of the U.K. from the EU, could adversely affect us.  
  
We conduct business in Europe, the Middle East and Africa primarily through our subsidiaries in the U.K. and Ireland. For the year ended December 31, 2018, our operations in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, including the U.K., represented approximately six percent of our total revenue, net of interest expense.  
  
A referendum was held in the U.K. in 2016, which resulted in a majority vote in favor of exiting the EU on March 29, 2019. Negotiations between the EU and U.K. regarding this exit consist of three phases: a withdrawal agreement, a new trade deal and an arrangement for a transition period. Significant political and economic uncertainty persists regarding the timing, details and viability of each phase. There may be heightened uncertainty if the terms of the U.K.'s exit from the EU are not agreed upon at the time of its exit. The ultimate impact and terms of the U.K.'s planned exit remain unclear, and short- and long-term global economic and market volatility may occur, including as a result of currency fluctuations and trade relations. If uncertainty resulting from the U.K.'s exit negatively impacts economic conditions, financial markets and consumer confidence, our business, results of operations, financial position and/or operational model could be adversely affected.  
  
We are also subject to different laws, regulations and regulatory authorities and may incur additional costs and/or experience negative tax consequences as a result of establishing our principal EU banking and broker-dealer operations outside of the U.K., which could adversely impact our EU business, results of operations and operational model. Additionally, changes to the legal and regulatory framework under which our subsidiaries will continue to provide products and services in the U.K. following an exit by the U.K. from the EU may result in additional compliance costs and have an adverse impact on our results of operations. For more information on our EU operations outside of the U.K., see Executive Summary - Recent Developments - U.K. Exit from the EU in the MD&A on page 21.  
  
  
# Business Operations  
  
A failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could disrupt our businesses, and adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause legal or reputational harm.  
  
The potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout our organization and, as a result of our interactions with, and reliance on, third parties, is not limited to our own internal operational functions. Our operational and security systems infrastructure, including our computer systems, emerging technologies, data management and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to our performance. We rely on our employees and third parties in our day-to-day and ongoing operations, who may, as a result of human error, misconduct, malfeasance or failure or breach of systems or infrastructure, expose us to risk. We have taken measures to implement training, procedures, backup systems and other safeguards to support our operations, but our ability to conduct business may be adversely  
  
<!-- PageFooter="Bank of America 2018 10" -->  
