affected by any significant disruptions to us or to third parties with whom we interact or upon whom we rely. For example, technology project implementation challenges may cause business interruptions. In addition, our ability to implement backup systems and other safeguards with respect to third-party systems is more limited than with respect to our own systems. Our financial, accounting, data processing, backup or other operating or security systems and infrastructure or those of third parties with whom we interact or upon whom we rely may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our or such third party's control, which could adversely affect our ability to process transactions or provide services. There could be sudden increases in customer transaction volume due to electronic trading platforms and algorithmic trading applications; electrical, telecommunications or other major physical infrastructure outages; newly identified vulnerabilities in key hardware or software; natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and floods; pandemics; and events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts, which could result in prolonged operational outages. In the event that backup systems are utilized, they may not process data as quickly as our primary systems and some data might not have been backed up. We continuously update the systems on which we rely to support our operations and growth and to remain compliant with all applicable laws, rules and regulations globally. This updating entails significant costs and creates risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones, including business interruptions. Operational risk exposures could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause reputational harm.  
  
A cyber-attack, information or security breach, or a technology failure of ours or of a third party could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business, manage our exposure to risk or expand our businesses, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, increase our costs to maintain and update our operational and security systems and infrastructure, and adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause legal or reputational harm.  
  
Our businesses are highly dependent on the security, controls and efficacy of our infrastructure, computer and data management systems, as well as those of our customers, suppliers, counterparties and other third parties with whom we interact or on whom we rely. Our businesses rely on effective access management and the secure collection, processing, transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary, personal and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks, and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. In addition, to access our network, products and services, our employees, customers, suppliers, counterparties and other third parties increasingly use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of our network and control environments and are subject to their own cybersecurity risks.  
  
We, our employees and customers, regulators and other third parties have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks. These cyber- attacks include computer viruses, malicious or destructive code (such as ransomware), phishing attacks, denial of service or information or other security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary and other information of ours, our employees, our customers or of third parties, damages to systems, or otherwise material disruption to our or our customers' or other third parties' network  
  
access or business operations. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving, and despite substantial efforts to protect the integrity of our systems and implement controls, processes, policies and other protective measures, we may not be able to anticipate all cyber-attacks or information or security breaches, nor may we be able to implement effective preventive or defensive measures to address such attacks or breaches.  
  
Cybersecurity risks for financial services organizations have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new and emerging technologies, and the use of the Internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. For example, cybersecurity risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings, expand our internal usage of web- or cloud-based products and applications and continue to develop our use of process automation and artificial intelligence. In addition, cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increasingly sophisticated activities of organized crime groups, hackers, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. Even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. Internal access management failures could result in the compromise or unauthorized exposure of confidential data. Targeted social engineering attacks are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely difficult to prevent. The techniques used by bad actors change frequently and may not be recognized until well after a breach has occurred, at which time the materiality of the breach may be difficult to assess. Additionally, the existence of cyber-attacks or security breaches at third parties with access to our data, such as vendors, may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner.  
  
Although to date we have not experienced any material losses or other material consequences relating to technology failure, cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches, whether directed at us or third parties, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer such material losses or consequences in the future. Our risk and exposure to these matters remain heightened because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats, our prominent size and scale, and our role in the financial services industry and the broader economy, our plans to continue to implement our internet banking and mobile banking channel strategies and develop additional remote connectivity solutions to serve our customers when and how they want to be served, our continuous transmission of sensitive information to, and storage of such information by, third parties, including our vendors and regulators, our geographic footprint and international presence, the outsourcing of some of our business operations, threats of cyber terrorism, external extremist parties, including foreign state actors, in some circumstances as a means to promote political ends, and system and customer account updates and conversions. As a result, cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a critical priority.  
  
We also face indirect technology, cybersecurity and operational risks relating to the customers, clients and other third parties with whom we do business or upon whom we rely to facilitate or enable our business activities, including financial counterparties;  
  
<!-- PageFooter="11 Bank of America 2018" -->  
