the volume of client activity in our trading operations, (vii) investment banking fees, (viii) the general profitability and risk level of the transactions in which we engage and (ix) our competitiveness with respect to deposit pricing. For example, the value of certain of our assets is sensitive to changes in market interest rates. If the Federal Reserve or a non-U.S. central bank changes or signals a change in monetary policy, market interest rates could be affected, which could adversely impact the value of such assets. In addition, the low but rising interest rate environment and recent flattening of the yield curve could negatively impact our liquidity, financial condition or results of operations, including future revenue and earnings growth.  
  
We use various models and strategies to assess and control our market risk exposures but those are subject to inherent limitations. For more information regarding models and strategies, see Item 1A. Risk Factors - Other on page 16. In times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated and vice versa. These types of market movements may limit the effectiveness of our hedging strategies and cause us to incur significant losses. These changes in correlation can be exacerbated where other market participants are using risk or trading models with assumptions or algorithms similar to ours. In these and other cases, it may be difficult to reduce our risk positions due to activity of other market participants or widespread market dislocations, including circumstances where asset values are declining significantly or no market exists for certain assets. To the extent that we own securities that do not have an established liquid trading market or are otherwise subject to restrictions on sale or hedging, we may not be able to reduce our positions and therefore reduce our risk associated with such positions. In addition, challenging market conditions may also adversely affect our investment banking fees.  
  
For more information about market risk and our market risk management policies and procedures, see Market Risk Management in the MD&A on page 70.  
  
We may incur losses if the value of certain assets declines, including due to changes in interest rates and prepayment speeds.  
  
We have a large portfolio of financial instruments, including certain loans and loan commitments, loans held-for-sale, securities financing agreements, asset- backed secured financings, long-term deposits, long-term debt, trading account assets and liabilities, derivative assets and liabilities, available-for-sale (AFS) debt and marketable equity securities, other debt securities, equity method investments, certain MSRs and certain other assets and liabilities that we measure at fair value and other accounting values, subject to impairment assessments. We determine these values based on applicable accounting guidance, which for financial instruments measured at fair value, requires an entity to base fair value on exit price and to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs in fair value measurements. The fair values of these financial instruments include adjustments for market liquidity, credit quality, funding impact on certain derivatives and other transaction-specific factors, where appropriate.  
  
Gains or losses on these instruments can have a direct impact on our results of operations, including higher or lower mortgage banking income and earnings, unless we have effectively hedged our exposures. For example, decreases in interest rates and increases in mortgage prepayment speeds, which are influenced by interest rates and other factors such as reductions in mortgage insurance premiums and origination costs, could adversely impact the value of our MSR asset, and cause a significant acceleration of purchase premium amortization on our mortgage portfolio, because a decline in long-term interest rates shortens the expected lives of the securities, and adversely affects our net  
  
interest margin. Conversely, increases in interest rates may result in a decrease in residential mortgage loan originations. In addition, increases in interest rates may adversely impact the fair value of debt securities and, accordingly, for debt securities classified as AFS, may adversely affect accumulated other comprehensive income and, thus, capital levels.  
  
Fair values may be impacted by declining values of the underlying assets or the prices at which observable market transactions occur and the continued availability of these transactions. The financial strength of counterparties, with whom we have economically hedged some of our exposure to these assets, also will affect the fair value of these assets. Sudden declines and volatility in the prices of assets may curtail or eliminate trading activities in these assets, which may make it difficult to sell, hedge or value these assets. The inability to sell or effectively hedge assets reduces our ability to limit losses in such positions and the difficulty in valuing assets may increase our risk-weighted assets, which requires us to maintain additional capital and increases our funding costs. Asset values also directly impact revenues in our wealth management and related advisory businesses. We receive asset-based management fees based on the value of our clients' portfolios or investments in funds managed by us and, in some cases, we also receive performance fees based on increases in the value of such investments. Declines in asset values can reduce the value of our clients' portfolios or fund assets, which in turn can result in lower fees earned for managing such assets.  
  
For more information on fair value measurements, seeNote 20 - Fair Value Measurements to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For more information on our asset management businesses, see GWIM in the MD&A on page 33. For more information on interest rate risk management, see Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book in the MD&A on page 74.  
  
  
# Liquidity  
  
If we are unable to access the capital markets, continue to maintain deposits, or our borrowing costs increase, our liquidity and competitive position will be negatively affected.  
  
Liquidity is essential to our businesses. We fund our assets primarily with globally sourced deposits in our bank entities, as well as secured and unsecured liabilities transacted in the capital markets. We rely on certain secured funding sources, such as repo markets, which are typically short-term and credit-sensitive in nature. We also engage in asset securitization transactions, including with the government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs), to fund consumer lending activities. Our liquidity could be adversely affected by any inability to access the capital markets; illiquidity or volatility in the capital markets; the decrease in value of eligible collateral or increased collateral requirements due to credit concerns for short-term borrowing; changes to our relationships with our funding providers based on real or perceived changes in our risk profile; prolonged federal government shutdowns; changes in regulations, guidance or GSE status that impact our funding avenues or ability to access certain funding sources; the refusal or inability of the Federal Reserve to act as lender of last resort; simultaneous draws on lines of credit; the withdrawal of customer deposits, which could result from customer attrition for higher yields or the desire for more conservative alternatives; increased regulatory liquidity, capital and margin requirements for our U.S. or international banks and their nonbank subsidiaries; failure by a significant market participant or third party, such as a clearing agent or custodian; reputational issues; or negative perceptions about our short- or long-term business prospects, including downgrades of our credit ratings. Several of these factors may arise due to circumstances beyond our control, such as general  
  
<!-- PageFooter="Bank of America 2018 6" -->  
