 Impaired Loans and Troubled Debt Restructurings  
  
A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information, it is probable that the Corporation will be unable to collect all amounts due from the borrower in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan. For more information, see Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Principles.  
  
  
# Consumer Real Estate  
  
Impaired consumer real estate loans within the Consumer Real Estate portfolio segment consist entirely of TDRs. Excluding PCI loans, most modifications of consumer real estate loans meet the definition of TDRs when a binding offer is extended to a borrower. Modifications of consumer real estate loans are done in accordance with government programs or the Corporation's proprietary programs. These modifications are considered to be TDRs if concessions have been granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. Concessions may include reductions in interest rates, capitalization of past due amounts, principal and/or interest forbearance, payment extensions, principal and/or interest forgiveness, or combinations thereof.  
  
Prior to permanently modifying a loan, the Corporation may enter into trial modifications with certain borrowers under both government and proprietary programs. Trial modifications generally represent a three- to four-month period during which the borrower makes monthly payments under the anticipated modified payment terms. Upon successful completion of the trial period, the Corporation and the borrower enter into a permanent modification. Binding trial modifications are classified as TDRs when the trial offer is made and continue to be classified as TDRs regardless of whether the borrower enters into a permanent modification.  
  
Consumer real estate loans that have been discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy with no change in repayment terms and not reaffirmed by the borrower of $858 million were included in TDRs at December 31, 2018, of which $185 million were classified as nonperforming and $344 million were loans fully insured by the FHA. For more information on loans discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy, see Nonperforming Loans and Leases in this Note.  
  
Consumer real estate TDRs are measured primarily based on the net present value of the estimated cash flows discounted at the loan's original effective interest rate. If the carrying value of a TDR exceeds this amount, a specific allowance is recorded as a component of the allowance for loan and lease losses.  
  
Alternatively, consumer real estate TDRs that are considered to be dependent solely on the collateral for repayment (e.g., due to the lack of income verification) are measured based on the estimated fair value of the collateral and a charge-off is recorded if the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the collateral. Consumer real estate loans that reached 180 days past due prior to modification had been charged off to their net realizable value, less costs to sell, before they were modified as TDRs in accordance with established policy. Therefore, modifications of consumer real estate loans that are 180 or more days past due as TDRs do not have an impact on the allowance for loan and lease losses nor are additional charge-offs required at the time of modification. Subsequent declines in the fair value of the collateral after a loan has reached 180 days past due are recorded as charge-offs. Fully-insured loans are protected against principal loss, and therefore, the Corporation does not record an allowance for loan and lease losses on the outstanding principal balance, even after they have been modified in a TDR.  
  
At December 31, 2018 and 2017, remaining commitments to lend additional funds to debtors whose terms have been modified in a consumer real estate TDR were not significant. Consumer real estate foreclosed properties totaled $244 million and $236 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017. The carrying value of consumer real estate loans, including fully-insured and PCI loans, for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process at December 31, 2018 was $2.5 billion. During 2018 and 2017, the Corporation reclassified $670 million and $815 million of consumer real estate loans to foreclosed properties or, for properties acquired upon foreclosure of certain government-guaranteed loans (principally FHA-insured loans), to other assets. The reclassifications represent non-cash investing activities and, accordingly, are not reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.  
  
The following table provides the unpaid principal balance, carrying value and related allowance at December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the average carrying value and interest income recognized in 2018, 2017 and 2016 for impaired loans in the Corporation's Consumer Real Estate portfolio segment. Certain impaired consumer real estate loans do not have a related allowance as the current valuation of these impaired loans exceeded the carrying value, which is net of previously recorded charge-offs.  
  
<!-- PageFooter="Bank of America 2018 116" -->  
