(d) Account Adjustments: Cash Account. As of the last day of each calendar month, each Cash Account shall be adjusted for such month so that the level of investment return of the Cash Account shall be substantially equal to the ask yield of the most recent auction of 30-year Treasury bonds, as quoted for the last business day of the immediately preceding calendar month in the Wall Street Journal (Eastern Edition), or if such quotations are not available in theWall Street Journal, in a similar financial publication selected by the Plan Administrator.  
  
(e) Account Adjustments: Stock Account. Each Stock Account shall be credited additional full or fractional Stock Units for cash dividends paid on the Common Stock based on the number of Stock Units in the Stock Account on the applicable dividend record date and calculated based on the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the applicable dividend payment date. Each Stock Account shall also be equitably adjusted as determined by the Plan Administrator in the event of any stock dividend, stock split or similar change in the capitalization of the Corporation.  
  
(f) Payment.  
  
(i) Payment Options. A Participant shall be given the opportunity to elect the following payment options at the time the Participant first elects to defer any payment under the Plan:  
  
(A Single Cash Payment Following Termination of Service. If a Participant to whom the single cash payment method applies terminates services with the Corporation, such Participant's Accounts shall continue to be credited with adjustments under paragraph 5(d) and paragraph 5(e) above through December 31 of the calendar year in which such termination of services occurred. The number of Stock Units in the Stock Account as of such December 31 shall be converted to cash based on the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on such date, and such cash amount together with the final Cash Account balance as of December 31 shall be paid in a single cash payment to the Participant (or to the Participant's designated beneficiary in the case of the Participant's termination of services as the result of the Participant's death) by January 31 of the following calendar year.  
  
(B) Installments Following Termination of Service. A Participant may be given the opportunity to elect to receive future payments in annual installments (provided the payout does not exceed 15 years). If a Participant to whom the installments method applies terminates service with the Corporation, the amount of such installments shall be calculated and paid pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph 5(f)(i)(B). The Participant's Accounts shall continue to be credited with adjustments under paragraph 5(d) and paragraph 5(e) above until the Accounts are fully paid out. The first installment shall be paid by January 31 of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year in which such termination of services occurred, and each subsequent installment shall be paid by January 31 of the calendar year following the year in which such installment period ends. Each payment shall be calculated by dividing the Participant's balance in each Account by the number of remaining installment payments. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the balance of the Stock Account shall be equal to the number of the Participant's Stock Units as of December 31 multiplied by the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on such date.  
  
A Participant's election shall be made on the election form used by the Participant for making such Participant's initial deferral election, which shall remain in effect unless and until Participant changes such election in accord with paragraph 5(f)(ii). A Participant who fails to make a payment election in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 5(f)(i) shall be deemed to have elected a single cash payment to be paid in accordance with the requirements of paragraph 5(f)(i)(A).  
  
(ii) Subsequent Changes to Payment Elections. A Participant whose services with the Corporation have not terminated may change the form of payment elected under paragraph 5(f)(i) above only if (A) such election is made at least twelve (12) months prior to the date payment would have otherwise commenced and (B) the effect of such elections is to defer commencement of such payment by at least five (5) years. For purposes of this Paragraph 5(f)(iii), a series of installment payments is treated as a single payment to be made in the year that the first installment would have otherwise been paid.  
  
(iii) Death. If a Participant dies after having commenced installment payments, any remaining unpaid installment payments shall be paid to the Participant's beneficiary as and when they would otherwise have been paid to the Participant had the Participant not died. If a Participant's termination of service as a Board member is due to his death, the Participant's Account shall be payable to the Participant's beneficiary in a single payment to be made as soon as administratively practicable after the date of the Participant's death. Participants may designate a beneficiary under the Plan in accordance with such procedures as the Plan Administrator may establish from time to time. If a Participant does not have a beneficiary designation in effect, the designated beneficiary shall be the Participant's estate.  
  
(iv) Other Payment Provisions. Subject to the provisions of paragraph 5(g) and paragraph 6, a Participant shall not be paid any portion of the Participant's Accounts prior to the Participant's termination of service with the Corporation. Any payment hereunder shall be subject to applicable withholding taxes. If any amount becomes payable under the provisions of the Plan to a Participant, beneficiary or other person who is a minor or an incompetent, whether or not declared incompetent by a court, such amount may be paid directly to the minor or incompetent person or to such person's legal representative  
