<!-- PageHeader="Exhibit 10(mm)" -->  
  
FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION KEY EMPLOYEE EQUITY PLAN  
===  
  
Instrument of Amendment  
  
THIS INSTRUMENT is executed by BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation with its principal office and place of business in Charlotte, North Carolina (the "Company").  
  
  
# Statement of Purpose  
  
The Company sponsors the Bank of America Corporation Key Employee Equity Plan (the "Plan") for the benefit of its eligible employees and the eligible employees of its affiliated companies that participate in the Plan. The Plan was originally known as the Bank of America Corporation Key Associate Stock Plan, effective as of January 1, 2003, and the Plan was subsequently amended on several occasions and was then further amended and restated, effective May 6, 2015 to name the Plan the Bank of America Corporation Key Employee Equity Plan as well as authorize additional shares for award under the Plan and to make certain other changes. The Company has reserved the right in Section 14.1 of the Plan to amend the Plan in whole or in part. By this instrument, the Company is amending the Plan to permit non-employee members of the Company's Board of Directors to receive restricted stock awards under the Plan, subject to the terms and conditions described herein.  
  
NOW, THEREFORE, the Company hereby amends the Plan effective as of December 13, 2018:  
  
1\. Section 1.2 of the Plan is amended to add the following sentence to the end thereof:  
  
"The Plan also enables the Company to attract and retain persons of exceptional ability to serve as Non-Employee Directors and to further align the interests of Non-Employee Directors and stockholders in enhancing the value of the Company's Shares."  
  
2\. Article 2 of the Plan is (i) amended to add the defined term "Non-Employee Director" and (ii) amended such that the defined term "Restricted Stock" is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the defined term "Restricted Stock" below:  
  
"Non-Employee Director" means an individual who is a member of the Board, but who is not an employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries."  
  
"Restricted Stock" means an Award of Shares, subject to a Period of Restriction (except as set forth in Section 3.4), that is granted to a Key Employee under Article 8 herein or a Non-Employee Director under Article 19 herein."  
  
3\. Section 3.4 of the Plan is amended to add the following sentence to the end thereof:  
  
"The provisions of this Section 3.4 shall not apply to any Award of Restricted Stock granted to a Non-Employee Director and the Period of Restriction for any such Restricted Stock Award granted to a Non-Employee Director."  
  
3\. Section 5.1 of the Plan is amended such that the language reading "but excluding Directors who are not Key Employees" is deleted in its entirety.  
  
4\. Article 5 of the Plan is amended to add a new Section 5.4 as follows:  
  
"5.4 Non-Employee Directors. Non-Employee Directors may also participate in this Plan subject to the provisions set forth in Article 19 below."  
  
5\. A new Article 19 is added to the Plan as follows:  
  
"ARTICLE 19. NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS  
